But now that we've given a way for the user to subscribe to changes,
we also want them to have a way to unsubscribe for changes.
For example, if they did both of these subscribes,
and then they wanted to unsubscribe this function,
we need to provide them a way to do that.
So what we'll do, is when they invoke subscribe,
let's return them a brand new function,
and when they invoke that function,
what we can do internally,
is we can call listeners.filter,
and we want to filter out
the original listener function that was parsed in when subscribe was invoked.
So now, in order to unsubscribe,
all the user has to do is create a new variable here,
when they invoke store.subscribe,
and then that's going to be a function that they can invoke in order to
unsubscribe this specific listener.
So, we'll get rid of all our example code here.